Playing the piccolo in a marching band. - Playing the piano in a marching band.
Feeding stray kittens in the park. - Feeding stray kittens in the park to a bear.
Stopping to smell the roses. - Stopping to feel the roses.
Taking a deep breath before jumping into a swimming pool. - Taking a deep breath after jumping into a swimming pool.
Going alpine skiing in the Winter. - Going alpine skiing in the Summer.
Kissing a loved one. - Kissing a total stranger.
Doing your own yard work. - Doing your own dental work.
Dressing up for Halloween as a pirate. - Dressing up for Halloween as a piñata.
Cleaning up litter. - Cleaning up kitty litter.
Playing the accordion at a polka festival. - Playing the accordion anywhere else.
Having breakfast served to you in bed. - Having tennis balls served to you in bed.
Whistling while you work. - Whistling while you eat.
Drinking fresh milk from the carton. - Drinking fresh milk from the cow.
Singing Christmas carols to your neighbors. - Singing Christmas carols to your neighbors on the Fourth of July.
Finding Easter eggs on Easter morning. - Finding Easter eggs on Christmas morning.
Visiting the circus. - Having the circus visit you.
Going trick-or-treating on Halloween. - Going trick-or-treating on St Patrick's Day.
Giving a small child a balloon. - Giving a small child a bunch of balloons.
Taking up a new hobby like bird calling. - Taking up a new hobby like buffalo calling.
Ordering a chili dog to go. - Ordering a chili dog that makes you go.
Visiting picturesque McLean, Virginia. - Visiting picturesque McLean Stevenson.
Tossing a penny into a fountain to make a wish. - Tossing your cousin Penny into a fountain to make a wish.
Giving your dog a bath. - Having your dog dry-cleaned.
Playing horsey with your little sister. - Playing horsey with your Aunt Bertha.
Throwing a surprise party for your father. - Throwing a surprise party for your grandfather.
Playing cops'n'robbers in the park. - Playing cops'n'robbers in the bank.
Playing catch, throwing to your grandfather. - Playing catch, throwing your grandfather.
Playing the scales on a piano. - Playing the scales on a fish.
Buying a pair of shoes on sale. - Buying a parachute on sale.
Climbing a mountain. - Climbing a mountain lion.